what's up guys candy here bringing you
this epic commentary today of winning
Microsoft I love you O so much it has
been a fantastic birthday if you didn't
know my birthday was November 6th I
recently found out that we sold our
house we're gonna be moving back to Fort
Wayne which is where I previously lived
and I I'm gonna go back and see a lot of
my friends and spend a lot of time with
them and I found that out a couple days
ago my birthday was a couple of days
before that so it has just been an
awesome week and now this so I received
a message while playing some color D
ghost hitting some bills not really
haven't hit shit except for that one
shot on that one map and yeah but it's
fucking awesome as you can see right now
the fucking servers are down I call duty
ghosts like here's my sprite space funky
and I'll put a picture of that in the
description in my asshole but no I'm
just kidding but um yeah I got a I got a
message I was playing ghost and I'll
show you the message right now I might
blur some of this out in the actual
thing but I've already redeemed this
code so you can you know feel free and
try or whatever but it says you're a fan
of us and we're a fan of you we want to
thank you for the gift package that
includes an Xbox one call that number
and provide this redemption code which
i've already claimed and claim your free
xbox so i was a little skeptical at
first but we ended i ended up calling
the number and it was my here's office
number you know I was like you know hey
is this real and they're like a hundred
percent I've had my account for a
long-ass time and I guess it was just
randomly drawn and yeah they said it was
gonna be shipped with a free copy of my
game that I wanted and the game I chose
was called it a ghost cuz I did not
order it from Gamestop because I wasn't
gonna wait in their line but Yolo so
yeah so uh talking guide a copy of Xbox
sir I got a copy of ghost in a free xbox
one from Microsoft so yeah I just wanted
as
they fucking thanks for everything
shoutouts to Microsoft for being real
and you know they easily could have gave
you know the whole phase roster some
Xbox ones and then like here you know
you promote these will give you these
for free but instead they decided to
give it out to dedicated people that
have been with them for so long which
you know obviously I think it's really
cool cuz you know I got one but I know
some other people got some other things
like I know some people guy like
redemption codes for like Avatar stuff
and some other people got like maybe
some free games and some people got gold
but I'm just happy that uh I'm saying
I mean I'm dumbfounded the fact that I
was one of probably very few people that
won if he won fucking fucking nights a
tweet and even don't pay attention at
Twitter cuz I don't give two shits but
yeah guys that's pretty much it just
wanted to make sure I made this video
because you should buy an xbox one
because I'm gonna pimp it anyways
because giving me a free xbox fucking is
kind of the shit so yeah but that's
pretty much it guys
stay tuned for hopefully a mini target
will be coming out for me and over Jay
sometime this year editor problems
hashtag 420 blaze it check you guys
later see ya